nrf_fuel_gauge: Update nrf_fuel_gauge to v0.11.1 (#1469)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: nrf_fuel_gauge/CHANGELOG.rst

All notable changes to this project are documented on this page.

> Main branch
> **********************

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Main branch
***********
```

Changes
=======

> * Update to library version 0.11.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated to library version 0.11.1.
```

> * The :c:func:`nrf_fuel_gauge_init` function no longer copies the battery model pointed to in :c:struct:`nrf_fuel_gauge_init_parameters`. This means that the user must ensure that the battery model is kept valid while using the library, either in ROM or RAM.
> * The :c:func:`nrf_fuel_gauge_process` function has a new argument to specify when bus voltage is present. That is, when system is powered by vbus instead of or in addition to the battery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The :c:func:`nrf_fuel_gauge_init` function no longer copies the battery model pointed to in the :c:struct:`nrf_fuel_gauge_init_parameters` structure.
  This means that you must ensure that the battery model is kept valid while using the library, either in ROM or RAM.
* The :c:func:`nrf_fuel_gauge_process` function has a new argument to specify when bus voltage is present.
  That is, when system is powered by vbus instead of or in addition to the battery.
```

Added
=====

> * :c:func:`nrf_fuel_gauge_opt_params_default_get` convenience function to initialize :c:struct:`nrf_fuel_gauge_config_parameters` structure.
> * :c:func:`nrf_fuel_gauge_opt_params_adjust` function to adjust certain parameters without re-initializing the library.
> * New configuration parameters in :c:struct:`nrf_fuel_gauge_config_parameters` structure.
> * New configuration parameter in :c:struct:`nrf_fuel_gauge_runtime_parameters` structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The :c:func:`nrf_fuel_gauge_opt_params_default_get` convenience function to initialize the :c:struct:`nrf_fuel_gauge_config_parameters` structure.
* The :c:func:`nrf_fuel_gauge_opt_params_adjust` function to adjust certain parameters without reinitializing the library.
* New configuration parameters in the :c:struct:`nrf_fuel_gauge_config_parameters` structure.
* New configuration parameter in the :c:struct:`nrf_fuel_gauge_runtime_parameters` structure.
```

Bug fixes
=========

> * Fixed issue where battery models with less than 3 temperature points could generate wrong state-of-charge after using :c:func:`nrf_fuel_gauge_idle_set`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where battery models with less than three temperature points could generate wrong state-of-charge after using the :c:func:`nrf_fuel_gauge_idle_set` function.
```
